AST-3125 - Fix: Woocommerce +,- missing from single product and cart page. (#5084)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

v4.1.3 (Unreleased)
- Fix: Container - Content Boxed layout removes Spectra column or container left padding.
- Fix: Offcanvas - Due to clickable hidden area toggle buttons don't work in RTL mode.

> - Fix: WooCommerce - On AJAX call quantity plus & minus button are disable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Header Builder - Cart - On adding product to cart, quantity plus & minus buttons gets disappear.
```
